5.x: add get() named arguments example (#7664)
cakephp/docs: en/appendices/5-0-migration-guide.rst

> You can even include the special named arguments for setting query clauses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can even include custom named arguments for setting query clauses.
```
I guess, since we are at it.

or dropping the word custom alltogether maybe.

Reviewer: Can also be a different PR.

Author: You know you are free to create your own PR's on this repo as well, right? 😛

``find('byCategoryOrUser', userId: $somevar, conditions: ['enabled' => true])``.

A similar change has been applied to the ``RepositoryInterface::get()`` method::

    public function view(int $id)
    {

>         $entity = $this->Authors->get($id, [

Reviewer: Should this maybe be
```suggestion
        $author = $this->Authors->get($id, [
```
?
